pio-upgrade: add page (#5521)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pio-upgrade.md

# pio upgrade

> > Update PlatformIO to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Update PlatformIO to the latest stable/development version.
```

Author: But isn't development unstable?

Reviewer: Yeah, I'm trying to say "Update PlatformIO to the latest stable or the latest development version," but it doesn't matter.  Since you're confused, there's a good chance many others may be as well, so let's not apply this suggestion.

> More information: <https://docs.platformio.org/en/latest/core/userguide/cmd_upgrade.html>.

- Update PlatformIO to the latest version:

`pio upgrade`

> - Update PlatformIO to the latest version, using the development branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update PlatformIO to the latest development (unstable) version:
```
